Now let's take a moment to review what we learned in this section in this section.
We put together everything we learn together and build a web application with it.
Before that we checked out the application that we're going to build and what it will look like when
we finish it.
Down we started the implementation and we did it by creating the operations down re-implemented read
update and delete respectively we written our model service and the controller following the.
And we see pattern by doing all these.
We made use of spring boot spring and we see spring Deda and spring rest on top of our application.
We put a nice UI and interface that we built with a team L5 CSSA bootstrap and of course time we've
it's been a great journey up until now.
And this section including everything we covered combined into an application has definitely been awesome
for us.
We now know how all these components are brought together and how they interact internally.
All right.
This was a long and a real great section to combine everything we know together.
And yet for this course we know how our extra is waiting for us these extras include spring deltas live
reload project Lombok spring actuator swaggerer for restful documentation and much more other great
tools and utilities that we can make use of in any project that we're going to develop.
So if you feel you're ready to move on let's move on to our extra section and I'll be seeing you in
there.